on
instead of
in a place of unparalleled beauty
350 km from Campo Grande
the capital of Mato Grosso Do Sul is the Pantanal Markus Kneip
directly on the river Rio have one
Experience the beauty of this untouched landscape and become one
Part of the spell
the nature in this area
furthermore, and disclose a part of
the staff package 11 in the southern Pantanal is one of the most comfortable
hotels
It has its own vehicles which make it the heart of the largest
bring flooded area of ​​the earth
after they arrive in Porto make Mio they will come with one
more generous woman dies aboard the ferry there greeting the line
The trip to the Pantanal Parkhotel begins the journey into a fantastic
Landscape that is largely protected
and declared a Biosphere Reserve by UNESCO
with a size as big as Portugal Holland Switzerland and Belgium together
the staff is the largest inland wetland of the earth's main cast
The animals with a wide variety are only comparable to that
African continent is
their protection
also flies to our hearts
so entertains the staff carousel
for liberation and again and again and again animals partnered
with the FCR as
the return targets center for wild animals
He got some tanks for the tanks
because of exciting experiences of the day
in the air-conditioned rooms and suites
here white equipped by Frank and television
Enjoy the view from your balcony on the cool drinks
Pre grandpa Rottweil and the sunset
They seek a law a dispute over the large lobby of the hotel
in the cozy apartment game and the anteroom
or at the bar
with a delicious cocktail other deep or the best categories Niehaves
Southern party remains ample opportunity to lead her
In addition, in the last few days, a few cocktails offer a pool-
and sports ground for her and her children
a kiosk d typical brazilian
Schoras cellar duel
and a meeting room conference is for events up to 100 people
With the first rays of sunshine he is currently doing in one of the
most varied regions of the earth
in an unprecedented sea of ​​colors
that means getting up
watch the sunrise or join in the milking of the buffer Lust
enjoy homemade Casazza moist bread for breakfast
and fresh cake keeps the kitchen of expansion a few short
They are using Christian cards from their own vegetable and fruit growing from the
reach our own CAS
and from the hotel's own livestock instead of lunch, serve the interior length
Headline Moscow
typically eleven regional fish dishes
like live and hard rock parking meters and burlo
in many things for dinner, complemented by vegetables and salad of course
manufactured without chemical additives
The Pantanal austerity course holds these may serve interesting excursions
expert guidance
Become part of nature on a walk through the Pantanal
Here they can be very close eye to eye with the animals of the region
such as the majestic 2 million
Cross here on horseback against which are not accessible on foot
immerse yourself in bird swarms
they would be important
2x off
Walk at dawn to Bronze Esperanza
embark on the holiday village last year
and start a tour on the river bargen continue playing beauties
she only sees this area from the water
allowed for the first time
Meet them here at the European Championships largest South American wildcat
dpa
either
visit the new car for the first time in power
this and the next election for that alone he builds up in 1937
Are you going to participate
on to the tours through the Pantanal
visit this in front of Kulmbacher
with a walk on the tanks a park road
and observe the beauty and variety of flora and fauna
accompany her watch is Cowboys banfi drifting
make a detour to the capital of the south share
Coba but there are first sets Sellerings of yesteryear
Beijing undated emperors and palms
learn the biggest omission Panther Mainz
there should it on 12
70 kilometers from Rome know far away
the action and
adventure
and a direct contact with nature
these serve
Opel was